New school, new classroom, new classmates .
This is a world of junk food .
‘……There is nothing . ”
‘Cho Sho Ho . ’
“Are you here too?”
Cho, who had been familiar with Lee ‘s notoriety, leaned in first .
There is a precedence of sequence, but this guy is ‘friend’ . So while sorting out the semblance relationship .
Classroom A strange guy who sits in the middle of nowhere but does not avoid his gaze . There is .
Looking back, he sighed as if he was pathetic and looked ahead, Lee Eun-chul stood up and could not bear it .
Of course, all the eyes in the classroom turned to Lee Euncheol .
I want to grab his shoulder and turn him over .
Lee Eun-cheol opened his mouth to report on his own wrist grip .
“It was the same school . Do not touch him . ”
If so, either .
Lee Eun-chul, whose face was hardened, tugged at the chair of ‘the guy’ who did not look back even in this upheaval .
Lee Eun-cheol, who is different from the limit of patience, struck his hand with his hand and opened his eyes .
On the threshold of the classroom, Lee Eun-cheol looked back and saw Gongho, who is sweating in the cold weather, and ‘the guy,’ who does not even show interest yet .
* * * “Great!”
Lee Eun-cheol, who pushed Shon-Ho to the wall, asked .
His face with his head was tired .
This guy .
However, Cho emphasized his head .
‘This cub … Seriously? ”
Seongsoo Ho .
Lee Eun-cheol was angry to the end of his head because he was afraid of him .
Soon the right cheek was swollen red .
At that time, Jeongho, who stood up to the ruthless violence of Lee Euncheol, discovered something .
The man was approaching this way .
“This kid is real!”
Suh, the beginning of all this, stood before them .
Although it is not small, it does not seem big compared to the person who is out of the high 1st level or the person who is in charge of the . The usual big .
Sure, Suho stood in front of Cho Sung-ho and looked into his face injured by a mess .
“Sung ho . ”
Shogun, without hesitation, nodded his head .
Lee Eun-chul, who was listening with a strange face, waved his face .
thud!
Boom, Boom!
Movement that would not have seen properly if it was not the sight of the fuselage pulled into motion .
After that, unlike the expectation, school life got easier .
The rumor will soon pass .
‘then……’
While I was thinking about this kind of thing, the guard came up to me .
